What you would do in an enterprise application is you would
run an instance of Splunk in one of the machines.
So it could be either AWS or it could be either Azure.
I'm going to show the flavors of both of them to you so that you understand
how to get an instance of Splunk in AWS.
Let's get that going.
So for doing that,
I would need to go to AWS site which is the aws.amazon.com.
Now below the video,
I'm going to provide detailed steps of
instructions that will help you install Splunk on AWS.
But for now, let's go ahead and start with AWS.
Okay. So you will be then routed to this page which has the option to sign up.
Now when you click sign up,
it asks you to create an AWS account.
I already have one,
but if you want to explore the AWS option,
you will need to create an account for yourself.
So you need to pass your email,
password, and account name that's going to be used by AWS.
The next step it will ask you to enter your credit card information,
but they also mentioned that the credit card does not
get charged if you are using the free tier.
So before you sign up or when you're
on the sign-up screen where you're providing your credit card information,
I need to carefully read the instructions so you are not incorrectly charged.
So I'm going to go ahead and log in to
my existing AWS account while you go ahead and create an account on AWS.
So if you have logged in to AWS correctly,
you would land on this page.
Here, what I need you to do is look for Amazon Marketplace which is here AWS Marketplace.
Here, I'm going to look for Splunk Enterprise,
which was also something that was there in
our local installation and this is the first one that I have.
Now here, I need to click to subscribe and I'm going to continue to configuration.
So here, it gives me a few options, fulfillment option.
I'm going to stick to the default which is a 64-bit machine,
and this is software version.
I am going to choose the region that is closest to me which is
going to be California and I will click to launch.
So here, it gives me some options to review
my configuration and see how I want to launch the software.
Go ahead and take a look at the configuration details and see
if you wanted to play around with or get an idea of other fulfillment options.
Here, there are several options available
launched through EC2, websites, service catalog.
I'm going to stick to the default which is launched from website.
The default these days available is c5.large.
A few days ago, it used to be C3,
but I'm going to stick to the default again.
This is the VPC settings,
and I'm going to stick to the default again over here,
this is nothing but your subnet settings,
and it allows me to provide a security group which is by default.
I already have a key pair setting available which is sareeta.
But what you can do if you do not have this available
is click on create a key pair in EC2,
and what that will give you is this page where you can create a pair.
So you click on create key pair and that will create a pair here with a fingerprint,
and that's what would be available here once you refresh this option.
So I already have one so I'm going to use that,
and I'm going to click launch.
Great. So it says congratulations,
an instance of the software successfully deployed on EC2.
There, we successfully deployed our Splunk instance.
So now that my instance is successfully started,
I had to go back and change it from Ohio to
North California because that's where my deployment was successful.
So I have this one,
this particular instance running.
So I would take the public IP information and
the default port at which Splunk gets deployed at is 8,000.
So that is what I would use in order to check my Splunk instance.
When you get to the console of Splunk,
it would ask you for a username and password,
and that information is going to be something that you would pick up from here again,
which happens to be the pair of your instance ID,
and then it will ask you to change the password.
So here the instance ID is here.
So you would use this as a user to login,
and then it will prompt you to enter the password and change it.
Actually to prompt you to change the password.
So that will show you how
AWS instance will have Splunk or Splunk gets deployed on an AWS instance.